The designer of this dress on late summer is you
Exactly.
Unexpectedly, Mr. Su is not only a strong business woman
And an incredible designer.
This is a part-time hobby
It's no big deal to design for fun
Mr. Su is modest
I heard that the national luck is the designated clothing for state banquets
Not so exaggerated
It's nothing more than those aristocratic families in Shangjing giving me some thin noodles
They like to wear my clothes
Just wear it at a state banquet
Su always has my eyes twisted
Adults are not as good as villains, little girls
Don't make comments when you encounter something you don't understand in the future.
Remember to always be in awe
Can you go?
I don't want to see you at this party today
Mr. Su
You are Li Yangchen, the president of the driving group
Is younger than I thought
I heard you are very business-minded.
Can you do me a favor?
The younger generation should only go all out
I have some spare cash now to invest in stocks
Please help me see which one I should choose.
Mr. Su, I think you should buy a Denning battery.
Su, can you let me participate too?